h1. Infiltration

This is the back end support for the Infiltration Prototype.
It handles user signup and the API for users, maps and leaderboard.

h2. Ruby on Rails

This application requires:

* Ruby version 1.9.3
* Rails version 3.2.12

Learn more about "Installing Rails":http://railsapps.github.com/installing-rails.html.

h2. Simple ELO rating used to climb in the ladder

We calculate rating as follows (based on http://aoe3.jpcommunity.com/rating2/):

 * AR = 16 + (LR - WR) x 2 / (16 / 400)
 * if (AR > 31) AR = 31;  if (AR < 0) AR = 0; // Keep AR between 0 and 31
 * Where:
 ** AR: difference value of rating, each winner/loser gains/loses
 ** WR: winner's current rating (in team, sum of team's rating)
 ** LR: loser's current rating (in team, sum of team's rating)

Example:

 * GIVEN winner: 1700;  loser: 1600
 * AR = 16 + (1600 - 1700) x (16 / 400) = 12
 * THEN winner: 1712, loser: 1588

h2. Database

This application uses MongoDB with the Mongoid ORM.

h2. Development

* Template Engine: Haml
* Testing Framework: RSpec and Factory GilR and Cucumber
* Front-end Framework: None
* Form Builder: None
* Authentication: Devise
* Authorization: None

h2. Email

Sending emails is not supported for now.
If needed, it would be easy to setup a Gmail account (settings are ready for it).

h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.
* Send the author a pull request.

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build an application that is similar, please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.

h2. Credits

Mario Izquierdo (work email: mario@lindenlab.com, personal email: tothemario@gmail.com)

h2. License

Prototype-like do-whatever-you-want-with-this? yeah, whatever